doc: add Docker credential store and environment variable configuration (#180)
notaryproject/notaryproject.dev: content/en/docs/how-to/registry-authentication.md

You can use `notation` to authenticate to an OCI-compliant registry. This is useful for pushing and pulling signed artifacts, as well as inspecting artifacts in registries that do not offer public access.

> > **Important** Currently, `notation` relies on Docker Credential Store for authentication, which is included in Docker Desktop. It requires additional configuration if you using Notation in Linux. For more information, see [Docker Credential Store](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation/blob/main/specs/registry-auth.md#credential-store).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Important** Currently, `notation` relies on Docker Credential Store for authentication, which is included in Docker Desktop. It requires additional configuration if you using Notation without docker desktop, for more information, see [Docker Credential Store](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation/blob/main/specs/registry-auth.md#credential-store).
```

Reviewer 2: Suggest re-write the 2nd sentence to make it clearer from 
~It requires additional configuration if you using Notation without docker desktop, for more information ...~
Notation requires additional configuration when used without docker desktop, for more information ...

Author: I find that Docker Desktop relies on a Credential Helper [pass](https://www.passwordstore.org/) to store credentials on Linux. Linux users still have some manual configuration steps as demonstrated at [Credentials management for Linux users](https://docs.docker.com/desktop/get-started/#credentials-management-for-linux-users). So we need to emphasize this configuration is used for Linux.

notation login -u <username> -p <password> <registry>
```

> **Note:** If `notation login` is failing, you may need to configure [Docker Credential Store](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation/blob/main/specs/registry-auth.md#credential-store) for your environment or configure environment variables as below.

## Configure environment variables to authenticate to an OCI-compliant registry

You can set environment variables to authenticate to an OCI-compliant registry.

```console
export NOTATION_USERNAME="YOUR_REGISTRY_USERNAME"
export NOTATION_PASSWORD="YOUR_REGISTRY_PASSWORD"
```

Then you will be able to interact with the registry and sign artifacts using Notation.

For security reasons, you would better remove the existing environment variables after you log out from the registry.

```console
unset NOTATION_USERNAME
NOTATION_PASSWORD
```

> ## Configure Docker Credential Store

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Configure Docker Credential Store for Linux
```

As local credentials may be required to access the remote registries, they need to be stored and accessed securely. To achieve maximum security, credential helpers are preferred so that credentials are stored in the system key chain with better protection. 

> To achieve maximum compatibility with existing systems, [Docker Credential Helpers](https://github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers) and its [protocol](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/login/#credential-helper-protocol) are adopted as the credential helpers for Notation. Currently, it requires manual installation and configuration in Linux by following the steps below. This configuration will be simplified in Notation v1.0.0 with [oras-credential-go](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-credentials-go/discussions/18) support.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`notation` uses [Docker Credential Helpers](https://github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers) and its [protocol](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/login/#credential-helper-protocol) as the credential helpers. Currently, using Docker Credential Helpers requires manual installation and configuration in Linux by following the steps below. This configuration will be simplified in Notation v1.0.0[oras-credential-go](https://github.com/oras-project/oras-credentials-go/discussions/18).
```

Install [Docker credential helper](https://github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers) pass.

```console
mkdir -p ~/bin
curl -Lo ~/bin/docker-credential-pass "https://github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers/releases/download/v0.7.0/docker-credential-pass-v0.7.0.linux-amd64"
chmod +x ~/bin/docker-credential-pass
```

> Configure GPG key for encryption. If you have a GPP key already, run `gpg --edit-key` to trust your key.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Configure GPG key for encryption. 

> **NOTE:** If you have a GPP key already, run `gpg --edit-key` to trust your key instead.
```

Author: Updated

notation login -u <username> -p <password> <registry>
```

> **Note:** If `notation login` is failing, you may need to configure [Docker Credential Store](https://github.com/notaryproject/notation/blob/main/specs/registry-auth.md#credential-store) for your environment or configure environment variables as detailed in the *Configure Docker Credential Store for Linux* section.

## Configure environment variables to authenticate to an OCI-compliant registry

Set the `NOTATION_USERNAME` and `NOTATION_PASSWORD` environment variables to authenticate to an OCI-compliant registry.

> ```console

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
```shell
```
or
```suggestion
```bash
```
will be better

export NOTATION_USERNAME="YOUR_REGISTRY_USERNAME"
export NOTATION_PASSWORD="YOUR_REGISTRY_PASSWORD"
```

> After the environment variables are set, you can use `notation login` without specifying a username or password.

Reviewer: user doesn't need to use notation login after env variable.

Reviewer 4: +1

Author: Updated

`notation` uses [Docker Credential Helpers](https://github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers) and its [protocol](https://docs.docker.com/engine/reference/commandline/login/#credential-helper-protocol) as the credential helpers. Currently, using Docker Credential Helpers requires manual installation and configuration in Linux by following the steps below. This configuration will be simplified in Notation v1.0.0.

Install [Docker credential helper](https://github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers) pass.

```console
mkdir -p ~/bin
curl -Lo ~/bin/docker-credential-pass "https://github.com/docker/docker-credential-helpers/releases/download/v0.7.0/docker-credential-pass-v0.7.0.linux-amd64"
chmod +x ~/bin/docker-credential-pass
```

Generate and configure GPG key for encryption. 

> **NOTE:** If you have a GPP key already, run `gpg --edit-key` to trust your key instead.

```console
gpg --full-generate-key
```

Install and configure [pass](https://www.passwordstore.org/).

```console
sudo apt update 
sudo apt install pass -y
pass init $your_email
```

> Configure Docker credential store in `/.docker/config.json`.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Configure Docker credential store in `~/.docker/config.json`.
```

```
mkdir -p ~/.docker
echo '{"credsStore":"pass"}' > ~/.docker/config.json
chmod 600 ~/.docker/config.json
```

Use `notation login` to authenticate to an OCI-compliant registry.

```console

> notation login -u <username> -p <password> <registry>

Reviewer 4: Passwords should be typed via stdin, and should not be passed as a command line argument.
```suggestion
notation login -u <username> <registry>
```
`-p` is there just for dev / testing purposes.

The security behind it is that any executed shell command might be logged somewhere in plaintext.

Author: Agree. I realized that the login prompt feature is supported in RC.4.
